Slimy was a young snail. Slimy got sick of staying in its old home. So, one day, Slimy decided to look for a new home.
Slimy travelled for a long time, slowly crawling and searching. To Slimy it felt like a very long and tiring journey but he was determined. Then Slimy reached a garden. It was a beautiful garden with so many flowers and plants.
Slimy was so excited when it saw the garden. Slimy wanted to make this place its new home.
The first thing Slimy did when it got to the garden was eat. Slimy was so hungry from all the travelling it did. Slimy found a nice delicious plant to feed on. The leaves were so green and juicy. "Just nice for me, yum !" said Slimy.
Slimy spend the next several days just eating and relaxing until almost all the leaves on that plant was almost gone. "Time to move on to another delicious plant", Slimy thought. That was what Slimy did exactly. It moved on to a new plant. Just about when Slimy wanted to start eating, there was a loud shriek.
Slimy peeked out and saw a lady. She looked upset and angry looking at the plant that Slimy had eaten. "Oh, oh ", said Slimy. "This does not look good." Slimy was frighten and hid under a leaf so that the lady cannot see or find it.
The lady searched all over, trying to get the culprit who was responsible for destroying her beautiful plant. Lucky thing for Slimy, she did not see it hiding under the leaf. Unfortunately, some of Slimy's neighbours were not so lucky. The lady caught them and put them all in a bucket and took them away.
Slimy did not wait to see what the lady was going to do with its neighbours. Slimy decided that this was not the place that it wanted to make its home. It was a dangerous place to be in. So, Slimy crawled down from the plant and went on its journey to find a new home again.
So off went Slimy on its search for a new home again. This time its search brought it to an apple farm. Slimy got all excited and wanted to go there and eat the juicy leaves on the apple tree. It looked so good and tempting. Slimy was hungry. Just when Slimy wanted to head over there, it saw a farmer with a mean face.
Slimy decided this was not a good place to call home either. Slimy remembered how the lady disliked snails. Slimy did not want to meet the same fate as its neighbours there.
Poor Slimy had to leave the apple farm and look for a better place to call home. As it travelled, it got further and further away from the city. The buildings started to look smaller and smaller. Slimy could see more trees and plants than buildings now.
Then Slimy heard something. It was the sound of water splashing down and sounds of birds tweeting away. Slimy headed towards the sound of the water splashing. What a beautiful sight welcomed Slimy when it reached the sound where there was water splashing. There was a big waterfall and the place seem so peaceful.
Slimy just could not wait to take a closer look. It crawled as fast as it could to the place. Finally, it reached there. The place looked just as wonderful near as it was from far away. There were huge trees, plants and flowers everywhere.
Slimy was very happy. It knew it had found the right place to make its home. There were no humans around who did not like snails. Over here, it knows that it is not destroying anybody's garden or farm. At last, Slimy's search is over and it lived happily ever after.